CAP-0021 updates (#1155)
stellar/stellar-protocol: core/cap-0021.md

};
```

> Note we add a signed `Duration` type, used by `minSeqAge`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note we add an unsigned `Duration` type, used by `minSeqAge`.
```

operation made the sequence number invalid.  Whenever a transaction
fails validation during execution, the `sourceAccount` loses the fee.

> Because `PreconditionsV2` specifies multiple pre-conditions, there may be

Reviewer: I don't think we specify this, but I assume `txBAD_SEQ` takes precedence over any of these failure conditions. Is that correct?

Author: `txBAD_SEQ` is before `txBAD_MIN_SEQ_AGE_OR_GAP` and `txBAD_AUTH` but after the others.

multiple reasons why a transaction is invalid. If `extraSigners` contains
duplicate signers, the transaction is rejected with `txNOT_SUPPORTED` (Note that
signer overlap between `extraSigners` and `AccountEntry` signers is allowed). If
the `maxTime` or `maxLedger` has been exceeded--then the transaction is rejected
with `TransactionResultCode` `txTOO_LATE`. Otherwise, if all the unsatisfied
preconditions are based on values that could later be valid (the `minTime` or
`minLedger` have not been reached yet), then the transaction is rejected with

> `txTOO_EARLY`. If the failure is due to `minSeqAge` or `minSeqLedgerGap`, then

Reviewer: We should specify what happens if `minSeqNum` isn't reached yet, which I assume would still be `txBAD_SEQ`. On read of this it sort of implies it might be `txTOO_EARLY`?

Author: Updated

> the transaction is rejected with the new `txBAD_MIN_SEQ_AGE_OR_GAP` error code.

Reviewer: It seems somewhat odd that the min seq errors are bundled. I can't think of an issue with this though. Would there be an advantage to specifying separate errors for age and gap? e.g.:
- `txBAD_MIN_SEQ_AGE`
- `txBAD_MIN_SEQ_LEDGER_GAP`

Author: They fail for the same simple reason, so separating them seems unnecessary to me.

exceeded--then the transaction is rejected with
`TransactionResultCode` `txTOO_LATE`.  Otherwise, if all the
unsatisfied preconditions are based on values that could later be
valid (the `minTime` or `minLedger` have not been reached yet), then
the transaction is rejected with `txTOO_EARLY`. If the failure is due
to `minSeqAge` or `minSeqLedgerGap`, then the transaction is rejected

> with the new `txBAD_MIN_SEQ_AGE_OR_GAP` error code.  If neither of the

Reviewer: Neither implies two, but there are three.
```suggestion
with the new `txBAD_MIN_SEQ_AGE_OR_GAP` error code.  If none of the
```
